Don't talk nonsense, mom,
Brother, don’t listen to this opinion.
He failed to show you how many pieces to eat, so he started making up nonsense.
You go outside and believe him, I'm not talking nonsense.
Here is, don’t forget his chat information,
It can be said that he eats life.
Oh my God, it turns out you were behind all this.
I didn’t expect that my simple family, which has been in my family for more than 20 years, would give you such a blank look.
These are all what I saw
Who asked you to do it one by one?
Words in my heart
There is only one genius named Lin Tiexian
It's a pity that it's tape analysis.
The people you sent out never mentioned that they might see it.
You can see Lin Tietie
good luck with her children
I don’t want to look at anyone with the camera